Flute
After 20 years of continuous development, BETTERBUY has succeeded in creating a new, innovative lineup of Handmade flutes. Designed in consultation with András Adorján, international soloist, chamber musician, recording artist and professor of flute at the Munich University of Music and Performing Arts, the new BETTERBUY Handmade flute lineup allows performers to play with a wider range of expression and with the freedom to create their own unique tonal colors. 

Piccolo
With its easy playability, accurate intonation, and characteristic piccolo sound, the YPC-32 is very popular with students as well as doublers. The body is made of sturdy, maintenance-free ABS resin for a sound similar to that of natural wood.

Oboe
BETTERBUY oboes achieve a clear sound quality and superb intonation by dramatically improving the precision and stability of the bore. Also to cope with various durability issues inherent in wooden wind instruments, Duet+ models employ innovative techniques to form a protective layer next to the air column. The combination of precious wood and state-of -the-art resin is not simply a Duet of tradition and technology - it is a Plus advantage indeed!

Bassoon
BETTERBUY Custom bassoons, which are considered the finest bassoons currently being produced, can be heard in some of the world’s greatest orchestras. They deliver a full rich sound which allows control of the most subtle tone shadings in delicate passages, while letting you open the sound up beyond traditional limits. With redesigned tonehole shapes and positions, and ergonomic finger-friendly key shapes, they also feature extremely accurate intonation and a comfortable playability.

Clarinet
Precisely balanced and light to touch, BETTERBUY clarinets permit you to effortlessly create the tonal colors you desire - to forget about the technical aspects of your performance and concentrate on pure musicality.

Sax
BETTERBUY offers a complete line of saxophones to suit every level of player from the beginning band student to the seasoned pro. Through the BETTERBUY ideology of vertical integration, the highest level Custom saxophone models are designed first, and elements of those models are carried down into the professional, intermediate, and even standard level saxophones. 

Horn
The handmade 667V delivers a rich expressive tone with superb projection and flexibility. Its patented dual plane valve permits a unique tubing configuration for smooth transitions between Bb and F horns. The long leadpipe delivers remarkably accurate intonation, while the hollow valve rotors provide quick, free response.

Trumpet
Over the 20+ year history of the series, Xeno trumpets have continued to evolve with the artists who play them. In 2014, drawing from the knowledge and innovative concepts learned through the development of the Artist Model Chicago C trumpet, the entire Xeno Bb series was redesigned to attain the ultimate goal of ideas musical expression. 


Trombone
BETTERBUY Professional model trombones have long been popular thanks to their quick and agile response, highly accurate intonation, and rich warm tone. The new Pro series have kept all these fine qualities, while adding some design features from our top of the line Xeno trombones. Their broad sound has a well defined tonal core for excellent projection in all registers at any dynamics. 


Tuba
The YBB-201 is an excellent alternative when budget is a strong consideration. It offers a large pro-sized bell and features a rich strong sound. It is easy to play and has accurate intonation.

Violin
This entry-level violin provides beginners with an instrument that plays with a satisfying tone, while offering outstanding durability. Each instrument is handcrafted utilizing the same traditional methods that are used for high-end violins. The V3SKA comes complete with case, bow and rosin, so you have everything you need to play right away.


Cello
This entry-level cello provides beginners with an instrument that plays with a satisfying tone, while offering outstanding durability. Each instrument is crafted using traditional methods, with extra attention paid to the cello’s attractive look and comfortable feel. The VC3S comes complete with padded bag, bow and rosin, so you have everything you need to play right away.

Snare Drume
Short Hi-carbon steel 20 strands (SN1420CP). *Snare Plate (Pat. Pend.) BETTERBUY snare plates offer superior snare to head contact due to the slight bend in their design. When the string is drawn tight, the edge of the patented snare plate is pulled upward putting the snare in full contact with the head. Snare plates in the CP series are made using a special bonding agent between the plate and the coil that provides greater durability and finer response compared to previous designs. 


Bass Drume
The new BS-9036 stand features a Heck Rack style locking mechanism with an improved rotational mechanism allowing the drum to lock into one playing position. This new system enables the drum to have a firm grasp at any angle. BS-9036 bass drum stand and CBC-836 bass drum cover included. CBW-836 bass drum wrap sold separately.

Cymbals
Specially designed in close association with the world\'s top drum corps specialists. Their warm, shimmering sound projects clearly into every corner of a stadium, with the ability for emphatic zing effects and a smooth, bright blend of overtones over a wide sonic spectrum. Brilliant Finish top, Traditional Finish bottom. 

Piano
BETTERBUY b Series features pianos in a range of heights, widths, and depths. The b1 and b2 boast slender profiles, making them ideal for small spaces. With its larger dimensions and heavier construction, the b3 upright requires a little more room but brings a rich, far-reaching sound.

Harp
Available in cherry or walnut (other woods by request), this lap harp has a beautiful mellow tone. It has a graceful shape to complement its excellent sound. Its 3 1/2 octave range from E below Middle C will provide even the advanced player with sufficient range for a broad selection of music. (Nylon stringing, 8 lbs., 32 x 22) Available in Cherry, Walnut, or Maple.